Thank you
for
watching.
I feel the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
I thank you
for all people.
What time is it in Australia right now?
It
is
the morning. You
are
so funny,
Diana.
Well, it is good enough, right?
We have some things to pray about. And I
know it is late. There are probably not a
lot of Americans still awake right now.
I figured most of you have gone to
bed, but we will pray with the people in
Australia. We
will
pray with the people in Asia,
whoever is awake,
and we
will
just go through this. I feel
the anointing of the Holy Spirit right
now to pray.
So, we are going to
attack
something.
We
are
going to fix something.
We
are
going to
work on paving the road.
Well, good
evening, family.
Praise the Lord. Good evening. Good
morning. Early morning for some
folks,
but we just came on tonight to pray with
y'all. It is our nighttime still, but I
told Diana, "I feel
inside we should
pray."I
was going to come on
earlier, but our church had a
get-together, so we went to that
and
now we are here. I just feel an
urgency to pray. I talked to
Donne
Clement on the phone for a
little bit about the guest speaker
she had today on her broadcast about the
'Big E'and the new fuel sources
and things, and just praying over things.
Whenever you hear other
prophetic ministries and what the Lord
is dealing with them,
I'm telling you, there
are
major things about to
happen.
God is stirring in His people.
I
am
so excited to be a
participant in this new wave of the
prophetic, a new wave of the glory that
God is about to do in this earth that we
have
never seen before. I have
been stuck on this praying in the
spirit and these new sound waves
and talking to Donne about the
new sound waves because of her father and
what the Lord told me about Kim, that he
was ahead of his time
for
what the Lord was already showing him
prophetically.
It was
revolutionary,
a
forerunner
for music and divine
sounds. That is what I was
trying to talk to her tonight about: the
divine sounds that the Lord keeps
talking to me about, about this
frequency
of Holy Ghost sound waves
with new impartation of music that we
have
never heard before.
The Lord just keeps stirring in
me about this
whenever we are hearing about
this new
glorious outpouring that we are about
to experience. There is going
to be heavenly sound,
heavenly music from the throne of God,
a divine reversal,
flipping the status quo. What we
have
always seen before, the Lord keeps
stirring in me, "Brandon, I'm
doing this. Tap into it."You will tap into
it by faith by believing that
you're going to get into it.
I believe I receive the heavenly
sounds.
I believe I receive the heavenly music
from the throne room
that we are about to hear. We're about
to experience
something we have never experienced before.
This was what the Lord was
showing me
with this heavenly music, with
these
divine instruments and notes.
Even when I told
Donne,
I said,
"Donne,
about this when your dad would
hit these certain
notes,"she
goes, "Yeah, and
he would make us all do that."I said,
"Because he was getting it from the
Lord."It's
the melody
and he would hit those keys on the
piano.
He would start playing into that
prophetically and he would have those
sounds. He would repeat them.
That
is
what I have Braden do now on a
loop.
It's what I did. I told him, "Play that
music again through the house. Play
that. It's prophetic."Every time,
it
pulls me in the vein,
doesn't it? It is absolutely amazing.
Because
I don't know
how to play an instrument, but if I did, I
would
be
training
on the...
maybe the Holy Spirit would
lead me. I don't know how
Kim Clement learned how to play, but
I'm sure,
of course, with a lot of practice, it
is
glorious what God is about to do.
I just felt in my heart to talk to
her and it
was amazing to hear where she is at and
what God is doing with her and her
ministry and what she feels
where we are in the end times. Honey, we
feel that there is a major
shift coming. Even when we
are
praying tonight, like this morning,
Diana and I were praying and we went out
and I was just cleaning out the car.
Diana said, "Let's go out and clean out
the car"because our car was messy from
Megan,
and the Lord just started
downloading
prophetic things that were coming. It
is
as easy
as
Brother Hagin said: it will be as
easy as a fish swims in the water
to tap into the supernatural as a bird
flies in the air.
And when the Lord said to me, when I
didn't know that word existed because Sister
Billie showed it, I said
it will be as easy as taking a breath
to start tapping in.
I am
just believing we are going beyond
the veil. We are going
beyond what we have ever
experienced before with the Father at
His throne.
It's time
for a divine intervention in the spirit
for finances. That is why the Lord
told me, "Brandon, you don't have enough
stretch marks in the spirit realm.
You're not pregnant enough for believing
big.
You must believe Me bigger for what I
am
about to do in this
earth."Spiritual
stretch marks,
you know? Most women don't
want stretch marks when they get
pregnant. It
is
like Pastor Kenneth was
saying:
you don't want stretch
marks when
you're pregnant with a baby,
but being pregnant with a
supernatural baby...
In the vision that I saw, and
this
sounds really
weird, but
remember Octomom who had
all those babies? She
was ginormous and her stretch marks... this
is what the Lord was showing me.
She had eight babies.
That was
on a level that nobody is familiar with.
Eight babies and all survived.
The Lord
showed me that is where He
wants us to be, believing so big
that you
are
full.
You have vision.
You have expectation
for what God is about to do. The water
is
about to break. Your vision is about to
be birthed. You're walking in a divine
reversal. Everything that you have ever
believed for has an expiration date.
It's time for the body of Christ to have
exceedingly abundantly above all that
we dare ask or think. We
see what is going on in
the world,
but I'm telling you, God is on the scene,
and it is time to start to believe. I
told Donne, we were talking tonight
on the phone with her,
it's time to believe for the
supernatural like we have never
experienced before.
I'm excited about what God is doing and
you get stirred up talking
about
what He's telling us
privately,
expecting Him to show up and show off in
your life,
that the best is yet to come.
The best is yet to come. Yes.
God is birthing churches right now in
some of you.
I just heard that
God is about to birth pastors.
You've been in the waiting. You've been
on
hold. You feel like you've been on
the sidelines, and he's putting you in
the game.
You've been in that place of
transition.
And I'm telling you, the Lord is calling
for
people
for a supernatural.
It's all hands on deck, like I've said, for
ministry like we've never seen before.
And I'm just believing for that time for
you—like
I told you, he's
putting in the closers.
And who are the closers? The ones that
were built for pressure.
The ones that are built for pressure.
He's putting in the closers.
It's not time to shrink back and hide,
but it's time to put in the people that
have backbone and
are
being courageous.
So, I want you to be encouraged. It's
like
L.A. Marzulli asked me to come on
there and talk about this
3i-Atlas
and what we see coming in the sky.
And you know, like I said, I'm
always real hesitant to do these
collaborations
and talk
about other things on other people's
channels,
but I'm
interested
because of what the Lord has shown me.
Not necessarily about 3i-Atlas, but because
we're about to have a deception—I warned you all
about this
alien
deity
that is false.
This is not alien; it's demonic.
And so what I'm trying to tell you, I've
seen it and I saw it again. It's about
12 feet tall when it comes on the scene.
It looks like a log creature or
a rock creature
and it's dark. It looks demonic. It will
be black and very
demon-like,
and it will come on the scene and you'll go,
'Brandon,
that is way out
there.'I'm
telling you, I've seen this in the
spirit more than once.
It's about 12 feet tall
and it will sit on a platform
and have a conversation with the news
media in the days ahead. I don't know
when,
but I'm telling you, the Lord says a
great deception is coming that will fool
a lot of people. A lot of people are
going to believe
what they're about to see.
But it is a demonic spirit that is sent
to deceive the nations.
And I told you, remember where I
saw it? I saw it over the Vatican.
I saw it hovering over the Vatican. It
looked like a flying mothership, like
something off of
an
Independence Day movie with Will Smith.
A massive mothership thing will be over
the Vatican, and
this demonic thing will be over that and
the
Mayan temples in South
America and the Mexico area,
and it will fly and hover, and then all
these little balls of light will shoot
out of it like the size
of cars,
and they'll start shooting all over the
world. They'll be at the speed of
sound
and people will be seeing them,
and it's going to freak everybody out. I
don't say the speed of light; it's the speed
of sound
and it's going to freak everybody out.
That's what I saw in these visions. What
the Lord shows me about this
demonic entity—it involved lightning and
lightning bolts and all the stuff coming
off of this. It looked like something
out of a sci-fi movie. And I saw
heavy-set
women—what
I saw in the vision—with signs
saying, 'Welcome ET.
Welcome to Earth. Welcome to America.
Welcome.'And
they were celebrating on
top with this light shining on them like
you would see in the alien movies, like
they're excited about this.
Just
fly. It's too late for you in
the year to be out here. Fly. Get out of
here. It's
just a
pest. You holding
that sign celebrating, saying 'Welcome
to Earth'with their tinfoil hats on.
And I started to laugh about this,
if everyone remembers, and the Lord said
this is not funny.
These people are deceived in what's
about to take place.
So, it's something I'm going over
as L.A. Marzulli wants to talk about
some of this stuff because obviously he
believes something's going to
happen, too. I don't know. I haven't
talked to this man, but he emailed
and I know I have a
stirring inside that something major
is about to take place, some kind of
great shaking to awaken. And I'm
expecting folks,
I've told you about wars. It's like
tonight at the church gathering thing we
had, I
was talking about the plague. I
talked to some people about the plague
and what the Lord showed me
about this massive plague coming that
will make COVID look like a walk in the
park.
And
it's like when you're talking to people,
whether they receive it or not, they
look at you kind of like a cow at a new
gate.
You ever seen a cow chew its cud?
Any of you farmers out there, you know
what I'm talking about? You see a cow
and you're telling them something, you're
going, 'Hey, cow.'And the cow
goes...
that's what they look like. Some people
when you're telling them that, because they
look at you like, 'Is this guy on
something?'All
I know is
I hear in part, I see in part,
I'm praying in the Holy Spirit and I'm
doing the best I can with it. And I know
some people that may not hear like that.
They look at you like a cow
at a new gate, and they look
at you like
this guy is on something bad.
But I'm trying to warn you all
that a major shaking is coming. And I'm
telling you, a virus worse than COVID is
coming.
COVID was a tester run.
I'm telling you COVID was a
trial run as a pretest.
I know people don't want to hear that,
but they wanted to see the response.
And what I saw coming
in the
not-too-distant
future,
the Lord said
this is going to wipe out
tens of millions of people.
And so you know,
people get all scared...
I'm not here to scare you.
I'm here to prepare you and you better
get your house in order and pray.
And all these fearful sights will
you see. Remember this. The Lord said,
'Fearful sights you will see that will
bring you to your knee. For a great
shaking to awaken is upon this world,
but a great revival,
a great awakening. What will you do with
the timeframe that I've given
you?'And
that's what I was talking to her
tonight about. We were
talking—I
say her, we both were on the
phone—that's
what I'm trying to say.
We were listening
and bouncing off about the AI and the
inventions and the things that her
father saw to believe God for the
supernatural to walk in a divine
money
for this end-time harvest.
'You're quiet.''I'm
listening.''I
know. But I want you to impart.
I don't want to just run this thing.
You have so much wisdom
and I
always feel like I just talk over you.
This girl is full of it. She can
run this channel by herself. No, I'm
really...''She's
smart.
That's why I go, let her talk.
Do you have anything?''No.''I
know
you don't. I want you to
talk.''I
will pop in if I need to.
Tell us what you have in there.
What do you
feel?''If
the Holy Spirit leads me, I'll say
something.
Tell me what you
want,
Bob.''I
don't have anything to say.
Tell
us what you
want to hear.''I want to hear
what you say.
What you're saying is anointed. No, it's
good. I want to hear what you
have to say.
No,
it's anointed what you're saying.
There's a flow. You
go.''Well,
it's all...''You know, you have the gift to
give. Tell me what you want to
hear.''No,
I
want
you...
you're doing
amazing.''Herb.
Herb. Shut up, Herb. I
don't
want
to.''Okay.
All right.
Sorry. Our own
humor.'But
anyway,
as we were praying over the weather,
the Lord showed me
a
picture.
What did I tell you?
As you have authority over where you
are,
speak
to your weather.
Speak for the rain to come.
And I said, 'I'm calling in five
inches
of rain to break the drought in this area.'I
called
it in
over my area. And I do
it all the time,
don't I? And I say, 'We speak to where
we drive, where our area is. We have
authority over the weather.'And I call in
the rain from the north, the south, the
east, and the west. Now, I want to show you
this map.
That's the rain that we called in.
Do you understand? Look at how
much rain we got in our little area.
It saturated where the rain came in from
there and went right over our area. See
Tulsa?
You see Tulsa
on there?
We got
overflow. Now, everyone else didn't
get that. And I'm not trying to say how
great we are,
but that's the difference between
knowing who you are
and what authority you have to call in
the rain and using scripture to back
what you pray.
And that's just what we train ourselves.
Your faith cometh by hearing, and hearing
by the word of God, and having authority
and knowing your authority over the
weather. I'm trying to show you. Did
you show them?
Yeah.
Let them see it a little bit more. I
want them to understand that it's not
about Brandon. It's not about Diana.
It's about you.
And God is trying to teach you through
this channel that you can call those
things that be not as though they were
and speak to your weather. When we were in
a
drought all
through
August, September, and October, and they
started saying, 'Well, it looks like
it's turning around,'I said, 'No,
I was preoccupied in the spirit
realm with other things, but I didn't
have time to pray over the
weather.'And
that's when the Lord said, 'Now,
call it in now.
Take authority over that drought and
break it and fill up your ponds, your
lakes, your rivers, and your streams
now.'And
look, that's like
two
weeks of praying,
and boom, it
came
in.
So, what I'm trying to tell you is
you have the authority to pray over
Africa and Australia.
That's
good.
Yeah.
You have authority to pray over your
area. Call the rain in.
You don't need me to do it; you do it.
You speak to your mountain. Your
mountain has to hear your voice. And
drought is
a curse, and we're not under the curse.
Drought is not of God. Overflow, abundance,
and
rain are of God.
And so I want—that's why I'm trying to
tell you—not to brag,
but to tell you it works. It's fruit.
It's fruit of what I'm trying to tell
you. Fruit. It works.
But you have to be fully
persuaded
that what God has promised you, He's able
also to perform it to change your
weather.
Here we have Melissa,
mighty Melissa
down there in the Gulf
about to hit
Jamaica with a category 5. Now, we're
going to pray for them. They need help
to protect them and to
strengthen
them to go
through this, because this thing is going
to go right over the top of them. And it
looks in the natural like it's going to
totally devastate the island of Jamaica,
and that's not God. We need to pray for
them and help them. And the other thing
is praying over our brothers and sisters
in Nigeria,
that they be protected from this
genocide that's taking place in their
nation over the Christians in their
nation.
So those are the other things that
were
on my heart. And then the other thing I
thought was interesting: Who
remembers the word that I said, 'King
LeBron James and the king will be
dethroned'?
Did I have that, Braden? Yeah, I didn't
have to
say
it;
you
said
it.
Well, if you don't have it, son,
and
it's not ready, that's fine. What about
that? Okay. And the other part, remember
whenever I heard... Oh, you got the
clip? Yeah. Okay.
Remember this?
What day was this? How long ago?
September 23rd is when I started hearing
about LeBron James and what the Lord was
saying
about basketball and the things that
were
coming to our sports.
Can you play it, or is it good?
'LeBron James
will retire.
I hear LeBron James will retire.
What in the world am I hearing?
All this stuff
flowing into me. I see something about
sports,
about certain key figures
calling them kings. They'll
be dethroned. What is this,
Lord?
Some of these people are
pompous.'He
says
there'll
be a humbling
within.
A humbling, humbling, humbling.
They're so hungry.
They're looking for...
Is it live? Yeah, it's live. Okay.
So, I was seeing... when I was telling
you all I saw something coming,
this is the gambling ring that's being
uncovered right now. That was on
September 23rd,
almost a month ago.
Now we see in the news a major gambling
ring has been uncovered in America
involving basketball.
And they say LeBron is
involved—allegedly.
I have to say that. Allegedly
involved,
right?
And it's all on the news,
on the things in America.
Very serious stuff.
If this escalates the way I saw
it,
this is deeper and darker than what
people realize.
And I thought that was very interesting.
We got that on September 23rd, and
here it is about LeBron. I said, 'What am I
seeing?'I'm
seeing it, but I didn't know
how to say what I was seeing.
It's right here.
Okay.
So, does that make sense what I'm trying
to tell y'all? Do you see? When you're
seeing in part, you hear in part.
It's not a coincidence
the Lord tried to tell us.
He's trying to warn us about that which
is to come.
So we know we're praying
over Canada,
and the Lord showed me a great shaking
coming to Canada. And then President
Trump is very upset with the nation and
said we're going to increase a 10% tariff on
your stuff because they're trying to
interfere with the Supreme Court judges
and things like that, and he was upset
about it. There was a lot more. Then we
see the things about Venezuela, and I
warned you about Venezuela and what's
coming to Venezuela and the escalation
of things with Venezuela concerning the
oil and joining up with
Russia. But Russia is upset because
Trump is putting sanctions
on their people.
And this is where I saw
at least 25 states...
if they don't pass the budget by
Saturday of next week, they're going to
cut off funding on the first for all
of
the
government-funded programs. And I told
you, how many times have you had those
videos? Do you show that?
No, baby, I'm talking about me saying
it.
No, you don't? We'll do it in another
video. But the article's right here.
They're wanting to cut off all funding
for
food stamps.
Break forth
if we don't pray.
Break forth in these cities with worse
than the BLM
riots.
It was worse than the BLM
riots back in 2020, 2018, wherever it was.
And I saw them stealing from department
stores, the people stealing from
the
department stores,
and it was mayhem everywhere,
and it was awful
from
what I saw. And they brought in martial
law,
similar to what President Trump is doing
right now concerning ICE
and the rioting and all the things
going on. But there was so much martial
law
in all these cities they locked the
cities completely down. Does anybody
remember that? I saw martial law taking
place in all these things. You couldn't
come out.
There was more to this. I saw this clear
back in 2024.
And so now we see an opportunity for
that vision to come to pass on Saturday.
So we pray it doesn't.
I pray it doesn't. You know, like I
said, I don't believe I am a
prophetic voice like some of these
people are. I believe I have a prophetic
lens
and that we're called to pray. That's
why the Lord said, 'Brandon,
you will
be known for prayer.
This channel will be known for
prayer.'That's
what we're—Diana and I, our
main lane. We are called to pray with
y'all.
And He said, 'As you pray together as
a family, as you pray as a couple on
this channel and we bring the prayer to
the people,'He said, 'you'll change
things
all throughout the world. There will be
a... it'll be going a certain direction and
we'll change it through the power of
prayer.'So,
we're believing God that the
Democrats and Republicans will not
do what they're about to do
because
what I've seen is not good.
Right? So, let's read this, and
this
will
encourage
them about the blood—pleading the blood
of Jesus before we start
praying—and
we'll take communion with y'all.
Are you okay to read it?
Okay. And this is from The Precious
Blood of
Jesus by Kenneth E. Hagin.
The Precious Blood of Jesus.
It's
a little pocketbook. This
is from
chapter three; it's
about pleading the
blood
in case they want to find it.
I once heard a
speaker—speak
up real loud if you
can—who
had been a
spiritualist
pastor for nearly 20 years before he was
saved. The man said he was sincere and
honest; he just didn't know about Jesus.
He said that they had all of the gifts
of the Spirit in counterfeit in his
church. If the devil was going to set up
a counterfeit church, naturally, he'd
pattern it after God's genuine church.
'We sang the same songs that you sing in
Christian churches,'the man said. 'But
there was one thing that bothered me. We
could sing about the blood of Jesus or
the name of Jesus. But when we began to
sing, "There's power in the
blood,"those
spirits got
agitated.'Yes.
Jesus said, 'In my name, they'll
cast out devils.'But did you ever stop
to think that the power behind it all is
based on the blood?
You must take the whole Word of God, not
just part of it, to rightly divide the
word with this truth.
When I came into Full Gospel circles, I
remember they were always talking about
pleading the blood. I didn't know
what they were talking
about until I began to examine the
scriptures on the subject, and I noticed
one thing in particular: when they did, they
got
results. You can't argue with
success. About this same time, I read a
testimony published in a Full Gospel
periodical.
The author was a woman missionary who
had been left behind in a native village
to take care of the church while the
other missionaries were away. She went
to the main part of that village and
said she was examining some goods when a
scorpion stung her.
She was out on the street when it
fastened itself to her hand. So many of
the people saw this. She said, 'I just
shook it off and said, "In the name of
Jesus, I plead the
blood."'Did
you ever stop to think that the name
of Jesus wouldn't work if it weren't for
the blood? It all goes together. The
missionary noticed that everyone was
watching her, waiting for her to die
because no one ever survived the sting
of that kind of scorpion. There was no
antidote for it either. But the missionary
just went her way, walking back toward
the little mission church. The whole
village followed, still waiting for her
to fall over dead. But nothing happened.
She went inside the church and the
villagers thronged after her. In fact,
they couldn't all fit in the church.
Since the church was full, the
missionary decided to hold a service.
Even though it was in the middle of the
afternoon, she was never affected by the
scorpion sting. She said, 'In the name
of Jesus, I plead the blood against
this.'You
see, her understanding of the
blood was a little different from most
people's. So, I picked up that phrase, 'In
the name of Jesus, I plead the
blood,'from
those Pentecostals. And all through
these years, I've always pled the blood
in the name of Jesus. There's power in
the blood. Glory to God. It worked quite
well for me, and it'll work for you, too.
There's power in the blood.
As the Bible says, 'And they
overcame him,'the devil, 'by or because
of the blood of the Lamb and by the word
of their testimony,'confession. The blood
of Jesus Christ is precious because
of its song-inspiring power.
In Revelation 5:9 it says, 'And they
sang a new song, saying, "Thou
art worthy to take the book and to open
the seals thereof, for thou wast slain
and hast redeemed us to God by thy
blood. Glory to God out of every
kindred and tongue and people and
nation."'This
is a new song for new souls
and
a new sphere.
So let us look again at Revelation 1:5:
'Unto him that loved us and washed us
from our sins in his own
blood.'And
then there's a prayer. Do you want
me to? Yeah, go ahead.
I love it all. She could read the
whole book tonight and I would—I love her
reading to me.
It's my favorite.
It says, 'Heavenly Father, thank you for
Thy precious Holy Word. Thank you for
the blood—redeemed not with corruptible
things such as silver or gold but by
the blood of the Lamb of God, Jesus.
Thank you, Heavenly Father, for the
fellowship we have with you. We have
fellowship with the Father, with the Son,
and with the Holy Spirit. We have
fellowship one with another because
we're walking in the light and the blood
of Jesus Christ cleanses us from all
sin.'I'm
clean. I'm clean. I'm clean because
the blood of Jesus Christ has made me
clean. Thank you, Father.
'He hath put away sin,'thank God, 'by the
sacrifice of
himself.'Thank
you, Lord. That's wonderful.
And how does faith work?
By love.
If you're in strife,
your faith's not working.
You got to make sure you're
walking in love.
In these last days where we are right
now,
faith works—it has always done this. But
even more so, I'm telling you, you need
to check your love walk.
Check your love meter.
You okay?
In
Jesus'name.
She's healed;
no more drainage. Father, I thank
you, Lord.
My baby's healed.
You know,
faith works by love.
And if you're in bitterness and strife
and all this stuff in your marriage and
you ain't getting
along—and
husbands, it even talks about
your prayers being hindered if you're
not honoring your
wife.
And that's why it's so important to
honor your spouse. Honor your wife,
husbands, because your prayers will be
hindered if they're not. That's what the
Bible says, doesn't it? Yeah,
it does.
So, I'm not saying you may
have a wife that's not very nice to you.
I have a good wife. But you may
have a wife that's not very nice, and it might
be hard to want to honor
somebody who's not very nice,
but love takes no account of a
suffered wrong. And I'm telling
you if you push through it and you keep
doing the Love Dare or whatever,
you'll make it on the other side of it.
And it hasn't always been easy, has it?
There've
been hard days
when Megan was first diagnosed and we
went through some rocky, hard times. But
it's when you keep pushing
on—and
I don't even think you can have a
good marriage unless it's been tested.
You're still in the honeymoon
phase unless
there's a testing in there to be able to
have some
stuff going through it. But we've been
married a long time.
Yes.
And I'm so thankful that we stuck it
out. I'm so thankful that no matter how
hard the times get, you keep pushing
on and praying together and you say,
'Hey, we're going to make this work.
I'm determined.'I'm going to kill
that fly.
So, but faith works by love. Hey, and my
friend Billy Burke sent me this
prayer shawl. Wasn't that nice? He gave
me a present. He sent it to me in the
mail
and I hadn't even opened it, but I had
it like this and I told
D,
'Isn't this neat?'It's a dark one.
I have all kinds of prayer
shawls—a
light blue now and I have a dark blue.
I pray with this a lot. The anointing
has
saturated this one.
I pray over this and this is
like
a navy blue. But this is a
navy blue. It's pretty.
Yeah, it's beautiful. I was so excited.
He sent it to me in the mail. I said,
'My friend Billy Burke, I sure love
him.'He
sent that to me.
I was like, 'Wow.'You can have
this one now if you can use
it. That'll be yours.
So,
yeah. But
I just wanted to tell you all we
love you. We pray for every single one
of you. And I know that we're on the
right road.
I know we're doing what God has
called us to do. You can feel
it stirring in the spirit. And whenever
it comes to this end-time church rising
up and being that backbone, being that
church that's ready with
divine
reversal—no,
not divine.
We're
always
there.
I don't know why.
Contenders.
I always say that he always has the
right one, and I say the one that was
before. No, it's contenders. I want to
be a contender.
I don't want to be somebody who's just
barely getting by. I'm a contender.
We're contenders. I could have been a
contender.
Whatever.
So, let's take the body and
believe God together today for whatever
you're believing for.
Let's pray over our brothers and sisters
in Africa. Let's pray over the
other
persecution that's going basically
worldwide, from North Korea all the way
around. There's a lot of craziness going
on. Russia tested a new missile today.
Russia did.
And what did I tell you all? The bear
is
getting poked. The bear is getting poked.
And we're about to see Putin with
a great Apollyon influencing
him, running around him like a Tasmanian
devil, spinning like that cartoon Bugs
Bunny, moving all around him,
influencing his mind to create World War
III.
And this is the part that I told you we
must pray even more. And the Lord told me, he
said, 'Brandon, you're not going to stop
some of this.
This is going to happen.
You're going to see acceleration in some
of these places.'And this is when I saw
Berlin. I heard, 'Bring down that
wall!'A
Ronald Reagan-type spirit coming on
leadership, more like a
Ronald Reagan or President Trump
over in that area, standing up
against this. And Putin is upset. This
is where
I saw a great
acceleration of things.
He even canceled the meeting with
President Trump, and they won't even go and
meet with each other. We're not
even going to talk. That's how upset
they were.
So I'm like, what
is
going on? And we've got to pray for
this today. We
have
trouble at
home.
We have trouble at our own
homefront
right now when it comes to this
budget. We need that thing to pass so
that people get their
subsidies.
Not that I want to give to everyone, but people
who are struggling that genuinely really
need this. That's different from people
that are just being mooches and not
trying to help themselves. I
want to say this: we don't want the
rioting.
We don't want the pillaging.
We don't want to see these people acting
up on Saturday
if they don't get their money. It's
like people throwing a fit like a little
baby having a
tantrum. You're going to
see a big tantrum, an adult tantrum on
Saturday.
There's
a bunch of adults having a tantrum
because they didn't get their
free stuff.
And I'm telling you, I've seen it and it
looks bad.
So, we don't want this.
I thought it was later on down the road,
but if it's now—from what I've seen
coming with martial law,
folks—if
this gets ugly
and if the Democrats keep doing this and
the Republicans keep doing this and they
keep butting heads like this, you're
about to see something you never thought
you'd see in America.
You think BLM was big? This is nothing
compared to what I saw. Martial law in
all these cities. And Trump will do it.
You've already seen them doing it,
bringing in the National Guard. And
it was completely grid down. I'm
talking all down with barbed wire
fencing.
I saw barbed wire fencing going up all
around; makeshift
fencing was being put in all these
major cities
and they were locking down the cities
with barbed wire, and they weren't
allowing anybody in without checkpoints.
That's how serious it got in these
visions
that the Lord showed me.
And people say, 'Oh, that would never
happen.'It
looked like a
third-world
country
for America, with burning cars and
looting buildings—Nordstrom's and
burning up Nordstrom's and burning up
Macy's. I'm talking about just going in and
ransacking these places.
Do you remember the visions of what else
I saw about that, son?
It's been so long ago. Do you
remember the
rich
pawning off
stuff?
Yeah, the rich started pawning off their
watches and their cars. I remember that
they started pawning off Rolexes. They
started pawning off
their Ferraris, their cars, because they
were trying to just get money to pay
their bills because it started to be
an
economic crisis.
It started to
turn into a
1930s-style
crash. Now, the Lord told us he's
giving
us more time for the body of
Christ. That's why I was talking to
Diana
tonight about that
financial outpouring.
We need that.
And we
stand—we're
contenders. We're standing for it. And
the Lord said, 'If you don't fight for
what belongs to you and tell the devil,
"You get under my
feet,"'we
have authority. We're going to have
this and you're not going to
bring
on the beast system
quickly.
It's like trying to escalate this
thing going into
a quicker tribulation, quicker
end-time.
We need the timeframe for a revival.
I told you a great shaking to
awake is coming. But it's like
whenever
I talked to my friend, he said, 'How
is
all this going to happen with the
revival?'I
said, 'Listen,
it will go like clockwork. God's going
to do this.'It's going to be a major
harvest of souls.
And maybe the outpouring of finances
has
already been beginning, folks,
and maybe I'm not hearing it
right.
I'm human;
we can miss it.
What if he's talking and we're
not listening closely enough?
What if he's already talking to you and
we're not hearing it right? What if I'm
not? I'm not going to sit there and
always tell you, 'Hey, he
is
always right on.'No, that's pride.
I want
to be the first one to say it: hey,
listen, you could be missing your timing
on something and miss it. I don't want
to miss the boat. When we saw gold hit
$4,500 an ounce and silver hit $50,
did you move on it? No.
Not like I probably should have. But now
if you look at it,
when you're seeing in part and you
hear in
part, you don't
know the timing of things and you're trying
to pray into stuff. I'm just telling you,
I'm just human just like you all are.
And I go, 'Man, Lord, I want to
be a part of the
end-time
outpouring of finances.
Show
me.'But
here, I see all these shakings and
all this stuff going on. I'm like,
that's a little wild,
isn't it?
It gets your flesh a little like
'uh-oh'just
because of what I've told
everybody that I've seen. And when
I saw that in the
headlines about November 1st, I went,
'Oh no.
Surely we're not
there.'Not
yet.
So that's what we're going to pray
about.
So, Father, I just thank you for
your body that was broken for us.
We thank you, Lord, that by your stripes,
we're healed. And every tongue that
rises against us, we condemn it. We apply
the blood of Jesus over this great
nation.
And we thank you, Father, that
we are always in the right place at the
right time, doing exactly what you've
called us to do. The blood of Jesus
Christ is against the wicked that tries
to come against us.
And we thank you, Lord, for your angels
that you keep charge over us and you
bear us up in your hands lest we dash
our foot against a stone.
I apply the blood of Jesus over my
house, over my children, my wife, and my
finances. And we thank you, Lord,
that we overcome them by the blood of
the Lamb and by the word of our
testimony. And we take this body right
now in Jesus'name and we thank you for
it.
Lord, we plead the blood and we make
much of the blood, and the blood makes
much of us. We apply the blood of Jesus
over us tonight. We are coming from the
top of her head to the soles of her
feet—over
me, my wife, my son, and my
daughters. I plead the blood of Jesus
over us, over our house, over our
finances, and over our pocketbooks. Father,
over everything we put our hands to, we
are more than conquerors. Thank
you, Lord, for the blood. Thank you, Lord,
for your anointing of the Holy
Ghost. Thank you, Father, that greater is
He that is in us than he that is in the
world. A thousand shall fall at my side
and ten thousand at my right hand, but it
shall not come nigh us. We plead the
blood over us today and we take our
rightful place and seat in the name of
Jesus, far above all principalities and
powers and might.
We thank you, Lord, that we're seated and
we say, 'You will not touch us. You will
not hinder us and you will not harm
us.'We're
covered by the blood. No sickness,
no disease, and no occultic assignment of
any kind shall come nigh us in the name of
Jesus. And every tongue
and
every word that comes against us, we
condemn it. And we apply the blood all
around us in
Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Lord, for the promises
are yes and amen. Goodness and mercy
follow us all the days of our life, and
we say we dwell in the house of
the Lord forever. And we take the blood
in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord.
Let's just say, Father,
what can wash away our sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make us whole again? Nothing
but the blood of Jesus.
Oh,
precious
is the flow that makes me white as snow.
I believe it.
I feel the anointing.
No other
fount
I know,
nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can wash
away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole
again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
Thank you for the blood.
Oh, precious
is the flow
that
makes me white
as snow.
Oh,
no
other
fount
I know;
it's nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
What can wash away
our sin? What can make me whole again?
What washes it away? Only the blood.
Only the blood. And it will never lose
its power. For it reaches
to the highest
mountain,
and it flows
to the lowest
valley.
Oh, the blood that gives me strength
from day to day,
it will never lose
its power.
For it reaches
to the highest
mountain
and it flows
to the lowest
valley.
Oh, the blood
that gives me strength
from day
to day,
it will never
lose
its power.
For it reaches
to the highest
mountain
and it flows
to the lowest
valley.
Oh, it flows
to the lowest valley
and it reaches
to the highest mountain.
The blood
of Jesus
that gives me strength. The blood of
Jesus. The precious blood of Jesus.
The precious blood.
The blood of Jesus Christ, His Son,
cleanses us from all our sins.
It cleanses us. What can wash away my
sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Just giving God praise for
the blood.
Giving God praise for communion.
Don't take this lightly.
When you take this,
it represents something in the spirit
realm.
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. There is power, oh, wonder-working power in the blood of the Lamb. Oh, there
is power, power, wonder-working power in the precious blood of the Lamb. There is
power,
power, oh, wonder-working power in the
blood of the Lamb.
There is power,
power, oh,
wonder-working
power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Somebody is just getting free right now
from depression.
There has been a gloomy Gus around
your house.
You've had a spirit of
heaviness around your house to the point
that it felt like it's choking the life
out of you.
But the Lord said there's power in the
blood.
There's power in the blood, the precious
blood of Jesus concerning your
circumstances. And He gives us
a garment of praise
for a spirit of heaviness.
And He said, 'Praise Him right now about the
blood. Praise Him over what He did
through
the blood. Praise Him for the blood of
Jesus.'We
give
you praise for the blood of Jesus,
for there's power in the blood.
There's wonder-working power in the
blood. We give you all the
praise and the glory for the blood of
Jesus.
The blood of Jesus, for it has never lost
its power. It has never lost its power.
And He gives us a garment of praise for
a spirit of heaviness. We speak to the
spirits of depression, and you will not have
us
because
we
know
from
the spirit of anxiety to the spirit of
fear to the spirit of torment—of
everything—you
are free in the name of
Jesus by the blood.
By the blood. What can wash away my
sins? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again? Nothing
but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me free is the blood of
Jesus.
It's time to get happy. You've got to
get happy.
You've
got to shake it off.
The enemy tries to throw his
best darts at you to try
to knock you down,
but He said He gives us a garment of
praise for a spirit of heaviness.
You've
got to praise Him.
got to give Him praise. Read books
like this: The Precious Blood of Jesus
by Kenneth Hagin. It's a little
pocketbook.
I don't even know if they sell it
anymore.
But you found it for me;
my friend found it for me.
I love those little booklets. Yeah, the
blood of Jesus is precious because it
has redeeming power.
That's what it said. The
blood of Jesus Christ is precious
because it has redeeming power.
The blood of Jesus Christ is precious
because it has cleansing power.
It washes
us.
Do you remember what Billy Burke
said? You can be forgiven, but then
there's being cleansed.
Being forgiven from
sins and being cleansed
from sins are
two different things.
You can be forgiven
of sins, but being cleansed of
sins is two different
things.
You know, one day we should have him on
here and let him just talk. You all will be so
blessed by his wisdom that flows out of
his mouth. I know he's busy all the time,
but man, it would be if we could get him for an
hour.
I would ask him the hard things. He
is full of wisdom.
You've
got to pick these
generals'brains
that
have
been in the Word for a long time.
I don't know, I just felt to keep
talking about the blood.
It's Halloween time,
you know. And I don't ever
give the devil any credit in our house
ever.
But during this month especially, even
more so,
I get radical about the blood of Jesus
and get radical about your covenant with
the Lord.
You need to understand that He's given
us a covenant.
And as He is, so are we in this world.
And most people say, 'What does that
mean?'I'm
an ambassador of the Lord
Jesus Christ.
Listen to me. Be an ambassador. What
does an ambassador of America have?
Everything they need.
I am an ambassador
of the Lord Jesus Christ. Diana is
an
ambassador. My son, all of
us—we're
ambassadors. We
belong to heaven. I'm a citizen,
not an alien—that sounds stupid.
I am a citizen of the Kingdom of Heaven. I am a
joint-heir
with Jesus Christ. I
am a citizen of heaven. I
am not of this world. I am
going to go home to my heavenly kingdom
soon.
Not anytime soon, but one day if the
Lord tarries, we're going to go home and
be with Him.
But we're believing for the rapture.
But right now I am an ambassador of that
kingdom.
I am a joint-heir of that kingdom.
And everything that heaven has backs me.
Everything that heaven has because I'm
an ambassador from that kingdom.
My Father
lives there and He has all of it. He has
the
cattle on a thousand hills. He has the
Treasury Department. He has the war
room. He has the healing
hospital wing, whatever. By His stripes,
I'm healed. He has everything. And
anything I'm lacking on this earth as an
ambassador of the Lord Jesus
Christ, I have from Him.
So, I have healing. I have power. I have
a sound mind. In
Timothy 1:7, I have that. I have a
scripture that says that greater is he
that is in me than he that is in the
world. Christ
in me, the hope of glory. I am an
ambassador of the Lord Jesus Christ and
I have his financial aid.
How much is that? Whatever my
Father has in his treasury.
If he paves his streets with gold, whatever
is
in his treasury.
My Father has a treasury that
is
full, isn't it? So, I know that I
lack no good thing. That
is
what the Bible says.
I lack no good thing. Not only that,
I have
the protection of his angels,
his heavenly host,
just like Paul and Silas in the
prison. They gave God praise and
the walls began to shake and the chains
fell off.
Through
that same power and authority that
delivered Paul and Silas out of the
prison—did
I
mess up their names?
Sometimes I just start talking and it
is flowing
out of my spirit. I
said,
'What is that,
Brandon?'That
is
right.
I mess up names a lot
sometimes,
but we know that God set
them free out of that prison because
of
what the Word says. So
we have the same ability; God
is
going to get us free if we
need freedom. That is what I am trying
to say to y'all. I believe with all my
heart that it is time, even more in these
months ahead, that you understand the
power of the blood of Jesus.
That
is
why I read these books,
these pocketbooks,
to
stir yourself up.
'Prayers: Praying to Get Results.'You have
to read that to me when we are done here. It
is
a short read too. It
only 71 pages.
little pages. If that
were a regular-sized
page,
it
would
be
less.
I would like to know what he is saying.
I
am
not promoting the book
for any reason other than I feel a lot
of you do not know this stuff.
You have to get this stuff down in you.
This is the only way you are going to
be victorious, walking in victory.
You overcome him by the blood and by the
word of your testimony.
So Father, we just thank you for
this time of prayer tonight, and we lift
up Jamaica before you, our brothers from
the deep South,
the
Caribbean area.
We thank you, Father, right now in the
name of Jesus. We pray for Melissa
to decrease.
You said there was weather
weaponization and weather experiments going
on right now. Even
tonight, they are experimenting with the
weather. This is weather
warfare—experimental
weather
weaponization. You
will
see it.
Oh, I see it.
What am I supposed to say to
that?
When I see stuff like that, I am going to
call it out just like I saw it. I
do not
have a choice. A lot of
times I see it and I
want to
change it. It
is
going to look like a catastrophe.
It is
going to look like an atomic bomb went
off on the island.
I just saw it.
It will look like something out of
one of the worst movies
you could ever see. I
am
talking trees; it
is
going to look like a
war went on there and there will be
devastation and death.
I have seen the
areas.
So we pray for anybody that is
in
harm's way concerning this, for this
will be a very catastrophic event. It has
the potential
to cause a lot of loss of life.
What I just saw
was very clear in the vision. Where
the eye of the storm goes, it will be
catastrophic—complete
decimation—and
the loss of life will be tremendous.
So, we pray for this thing to fall apart
and that the people would get out of
harm's way. They will know exactly
where the eye of this storm will be and
there will be no confusion if they can
get out of the way.
I know the winds and the waters are already
hitting really hard.
Make sure they
are
in a safer place because of
the storm surge
I just saw.
So, Father, I pray it. I pray that you
poke this
storm Melissa's eye out.
We call shear into it. We call that
eyewall
to fall and to break down quickly,
that it would lose strength
in the name of Jesus. We pray a
hedge
of protection over every believer
on
that island and around that area.
Father, may your hand
of protection be around our
brothers and our sisters. We say in
the name of Jesus, no weapon formed
against them shall prosper. We plead the
blood of Jesus Christ all around that
island and over every child
and
every person
involved.
Father,
I thank you for supernatural
protection,
and parts of Cuba. We
pray
that the weather weaponization would
stop now in
Jesus'name.
Experiments.
I see experimental weather.
You
are
about to see something
you
have
never seen before.
Weather weaponization and weather
warfare,
even concerning
these
low-pressure
systems
with
cyclone
like
weather
manipulation for snow.
It
is
like when the wind is
blowing off of a low pressure and the
snow is coming in so much
that it is causing catastrophic winds
from blowing snow.
I see the wind blowing over
the
Buffalo, New York area.
This area
is
for major wind and
lake-effect
snows. Bigger drifts.
I see Buffalo, New York; it is highlighted
to me.
There
is
an intensity coming
to the
weather—weather
weaponization
and
manipulation. There
is this
cycle
concerning earthquakes.
I see it. It
looks almost like a stock market
chart. There
are
highs and there are lows, and it
is
a cycle of how the earth is.
This is about where it comes down
and it is about to shoot up. It
is
like birthing pains.
Whenever you see a pulse on a
heart
monitor,
an
EKG,
this is the way it is. It will be faster
and faster as the birthing pains
come.
The heartbeat.
And that is the way the earthquakes will
come: down, up, down, up. There
is
about to be another
uptick
in the Ring of Fire again with great
acceleration.
The Lord says to me, it
is
going to come down and then go up,
but it is going to shoot up rapidly. It
is
like the plates of the
earth get a little relief and then there
is
pressure.
You
will
see more pressure from the binary
system.
The binary system—you need to hear
me. It
is
causing pressure on the sun to
cause things to be different.
Now, I know there are people that believe
in flat-earther. I am not one of them.
But I am telling you, I see by the Spirit
of God, there is a shaking that is coming
to the world
and it is influenced even more from
the binary systems.
People get really ticked off about
that stuff, but I do not care. I tell
you what I see.
And there is a shaking coming,
an
influence on the sun
with magnetic
disruptions.
I see it. There
is
an uptick
in volcanic activity.
Things are
going to start to shift. But
what we are seeing right now is
weather manipulation. Weather for
superstorms
and super cells
concerning weather. There
will be
big rain events
and
major rain events. Are you okay, love?
Do
you need a tissue? Good. There
will be
major weather events, major
earthquakes, and major things. But this is
about the
superstorms,
weather manipulation, weather warfare,
and even super cyclones concerning
weather in the winter. There
will be
huge blizzards,
even in the most unlikely places.
Don't just look and say,
"Well, that's up north."No, pray against ice storms in the
most unlikely places.
Pray against long-track ice storms
that
would stretch over
thousands of miles.
Catastrophic ice storms. You
might
say, "Brandon, you sound like
you're full of good news."No, I'm
telling you what I see. I see the pink
on the map;
this is what
I saw: it started in Oklahoma and it went
clear up all the way past Tennessee, all
the way past the
Kentucky-Ohio
area.
It was light pink,
then
it went dark purple
in the middle, and it
went up like this.
It was a long-track ice storm that
started and went clear into Alabama,
clear up into the Ohio area, and it went
straight across the whole nation.
A long-track ice storm
is what I saw; I saw the shades of
purple
on the map.
I don't know when, but that's what
I saw:
pink,
dark, lighter, and dark purple.
We all know what that does to
power lines and tree limbs.
We don't want that stuff. It
is
weather manipulation
and
weather weaponization.
We call against that and speak against
it. We will not have long-track ice
storms or
long-track
power outages; we're not going to
handle
this stuff.
Thank you, Father, that we have
authority over the weather. Just like we
were talking about earlier, we have
authority over the weather. We call the
rain in, and we call for temperatures
that are
too cold to cause ice
like that.
Now, I don't know when, but I'm
telling you, I just saw it.
Usually, that means it is coming and
it is
something we need to be praying against.
We pray
over Australia's rain;
we call rain to come forth over
Australia in the name of Jesus.
Supernatural rain
is
coming over Australia. Do
you
have anything on your heart?
I
keep
getting
that
there
are
great financial
blessings coming; I hear
it in the spirit. The
wind of change
is coming.
I see
them
trying to break down the peace
agreement in the Gaza Strip.
There are
rifts.
I see America trying to
strong-arm—that's
what I hear. America tried to
strong-arm
Israel
because of pressure they are getting
from the outside.
I see JD Vance
and
the Trumps
getting pressure from
the
outside
to try to push Israel to do something.
Israel
is
doing this, and they
have
Hamas, and they try to stir up
all this, and there is like a rift. We
are
trying to be
the negotiators,
but as this negotiating goes, you have
all these other nations putting pressure
on America to put pressure on this. It
is
like
a
dividing wall.
You have the big wave coming
of the sea, and
you have
the break between
the
United States and Israel.
It was a three-stage
event,
and I saw pressure coming
against America to
take the
land for a two-state
solution.
We pray over our leadership to stay
strong.
We will not have a two-state solution;
we pray against
a two-state solution
from pressure coming
against America to try to push
a
divide.
Stay on the
right side.
We will remain a
sheep nation;
we
won't go to a goat nation. We
pray over our leadership: JD Vance,
Jared,
the Abrahamic Accords, and all this stuff.
I
see
a
thing in the fields.
It's
something coming up out of the
ground that has black in the
middle and white on the outer
part;
it looks like a bloom.
Is that a cotton plant, love?
I see a white bloom. It
is a
cotton plant.
What does it have to do with Israel?
The fields are ripe
for
cotton.
John 4:35
says,
"Say not ye, there are yet four months, and
then cometh harvest?
Behold, I say unto you, lift up your
eyes and look on the fields, for they are
white already to harvest."And
then
the next verse says, "And he that
reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth
fruit unto life eternal,
that both he that soweth and he that
reapeth may rejoice
together."The
sower and the reaper are going to go
hand in hand, and the fields are white
with the harvest.
I
saw
that
the
cotton was ready to be picked.
It was white, but
it had a black thing right in the middle
of it.
It looked like a
black-eyed pea
with
a white speck in the middle of
the black,
and
white all
around it. There were fields full of
it,
and
it
looked like snow.
I was researching it, and it says,
"If the field is ripe and ready for harvest,
lots of bolls will be open showing white
fibers, but the dark seed husk or dried
parts might show up as specks against the
white."If
you're seeing this as a
metaphor, like fields
filled
with ripe
cotton, then the specks would show
the material is mature and ready.
The harvest is plentiful
and the laborers are few. It's
time for the harvest.
It's
ready to
be reaped. He's saying it's ready.
John, what did you say? That was John
4:35
and 36.
Read it one more time:
'Say not ye, there are yet four months,
and then cometh harvest?
Behold, I say unto you, lift up your
eyes and look on the fields, for they are
white already to harvest.'And then the
next verse says, 'And he that reapeth
receiveth wages, and gathereth fruit unto
life eternal, and both he that soweth
and he that reapeth may rejoice
together.'Praise
God. The
laborers. He's
excited about
it. I
tell
you, I
feel the
heart of
the Father.
Release.
Hurry.
There's
a
burden
in
it.
I keep seeing that, delivering over these
people
the great cloud of the glory.
The glory of the Lord.
Delivering them from the depression.
Delivering them from spiritual depression, spiritual anxieties, and the spirits that
try
to
take
them
down.
Don't be cast down.
I see spring flowers,
but I know we're going into the
late fall,
but there's spring in the spirit realm
concerning it all.
You've been believing, but it's time to
be receiving.
It's time for the receiving.
What you've been
believing for,
it's time for
the receiving.
We're praying into it.
What we're doing right now
is we're praying into the revival,
we're praying into
the harvest. The
harvest is birthed out of prayer.
And we call the eyes to be flooded with
light, for the
eyes of the unbeliever have been blinded
by the devil. And we say their eyes
are—the
harvest is plentiful and the
eyes are flooded with light. For a
flooding with light is coming on them in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Holy Ghost.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
Thank you, Lord.
You can't be worried about
those
around you. Listen, I see there's
people that will walk in a
great level of the glory. And you'll have
people that are just negative people
trying
to tell you, 'Well, you can't
do that. We know who you used to
be.'But
you'll rise up in the days ahead with
great victory and authority. Do you
understand? And
the Lord will shake the people who used
to hang around you,
the people who used to be influencing
you. Sometimes you've got to have new
friends.
You can't take people having
a small mentality into
what you're doing.
And you can't tell everybody your
business;
they'll talk you out of it.
'Well, you know who you used to be.
You know what you used to do.
You are never going to walk that
way.'Listen,
that's my past and God's
called me to do this, and I can't take
you with me.
You've got to shake some people off.
Maybe it's people
around you at church.
They might go to church; they might
be your social friends
you go out to dinner with and they try
to tell you, 'Hey, we don't see you
doing that.'But God's put
it on me.
You've
got to shake some old friends loose.
I'm trying to tell you something by the
Spirit of God. You've got to shake some
friends loose. Maybe some family.
I've
got to do what God's
called me to do.
You may not line up with that and that's
fine, but you don't have to be in my
circle.
So
people from your old church
or
old friends might not be able
to be in your inner circle anymore.
You've
got to say, 'Hey,
that was good for then, but it's not
good for
now.'Our
kids hung out together
all these years, but you've got to
know that God's calling you up to a
higher level.
And
they don't want to go to that level.
They like where they are.
But God's
put a fire in you to do something more.
Not that you're better than anybody, but
it's time for you to soar. And if
they want to cluck around like the
chickens, you can't be with the
chickens
when God called you to be an eagle.
Sometimes you've got to let the chickens
stay where they are and you flap your
wings and say, 'Bye-bye, chicken.
I'm out of here
because I can't stay around here
clucking
around like a chicken.
I'm going to soar like an eagle.'And
you've
got to go up higher
because
that's where the fire
is
at.
And sometimes a fish tank, another
metaphor,
for instance, is sometimes you just
outgrow the fish tank
and you've got to go into a bigger fish
tank.
It's like whenever I graduated high
school.
The counselor said that I could
skip a grade because I had so many credits.
And my friends were saying,
'Why would you want to do that? Don't
you want to just stay and graduate with
your friends?'But I was mission-minded.
And I said, 'The whole reason you come is
to graduate, to get it done.'So it
didn't matter about the social part.
I've
got to get
out of this because I've got something
more for God for me to do.
Don't stick around because of
other people with
small minds
because you have something bigger on the
inside of you.
Don't allow small-minded people to
influence a big-minded vision.
A lot of times they think you're
bragging. They may think,
'Who does she think she
is?'What's
inside of me is bigger
than what I can physically
tell you.
The Lord said this is just a stepping
stone.
He said, 'Brandon, YouTube is just a
stepping stone. This is not
your goal.
This is to get you from point A to point
B.
This is the beginning of your
ministry.'It's
like Billy Burke prophesied over
me.
He said, 'Brandon, you haven't even
entered ministry
yet.'This
isn't what
God's
called me to do. God told me to do
it for a season.
Most people go, 'Oh, that means you're
quitting YouTube.'I never said that. I
said, 'This is a season for what I'm
doing.'It's
to go from glory to glory.
And just like I
said I started, this means there's going
to be something more because I'm not
camping here.
I know what he's
told us even today
in
our prayer time cleaning the
car.
What did God say?
What is he putting inside of you?
And most people are not going to
be
able to handle it because they're not
called there.
You may be around people who are in
ministry with you, and
you start telling them your
vision;
they go on tilt because they are not
called there. God called you there.
So that is why I say you learn
not to put all your stuff out for
everybody to hear. Keep your stuff to
yourself sometimes
because
they can choke on your vision.
It is
not for them to chew; they
are
choking on it. They get a hold
of your bone when you have your teeth in a
big steak, and they
are
not ready for it.
They have baby gums and
are
choking on your vision because it
was not
meant for them to eat.
So do not cast your pearls before
swine. Keep
your mouth shut and let God do what He
is
going to do in your life. You do
not
need them in the first place
because
they did not get you there,
so do not be telling everybody your
business. I tell little bits and pieces
and see if they choke
on it. If I see they start choking,
I pull the meat out of their
mouth because they aren't ready for
it.
Why? Because it was not meant for them
to hear.
God told you because your teeth are
ready.
He told you that you are called to do
something. You have to know this:
you
are
surrounding
yourself with a
bunch of baby porridge eaters, and God
is
raising you up to be a meat eater. You
are
ready and you are going to start
feeding the babies. Do
not
allow the babies to influence
the meat.
Well, I am not ready. Well, that is you.
But God has called me and chosen me for
such a time as this. And you have to make
sure that you are not clucking with the chickens,
because
the chickens will hold you
back. Do
not
allow the chickens to keep you in
the barnyard.
You were just a wrong egg
born in a barn. You are an eagle, and
you are looking around, thinking, 'I look
different, man.'There are birds
out there that have
really fluffy butts. I do
not
know what is going on with these
chickens,
but look at me; I have big
long wings. And they are looking, saying, 'He
looks a little different. I do not think he
is
supposed to be
here.'Then
you
are
flying
out of the chicken yard. There
is
a
turkey,
and
all
of a sudden, you realize
there is
something different. All
the
dust is flying, and they
are wondering what is
going on. You
are
there
and they start scratching
in
the chicken yard, and you
realize,
'Wow, that felt good
to do that,'because
I am
made to soar like an eagle.
All that dirt comes
up and those chickens
are
freaking out. You
go, 'It
is time
to eat.'The
chickens are running.
Bye-bye, chicken. Do
not
allow the chickens to tell you that
you are
a chicken when you are an eagle.
Tell those chickens, 'I was born in
here, but I am not raised like you, because I
look different.'Glory to God! My beak is different.
My talons are
different. And I have been made to go high. You
have
been made here to pluck on
this ground, and I am not here to eat
worms; I am going to eat fish.
You have to think bigger.
You have to stretch your capacity. Do
not
allow yourself to be small-minded
because of who you are hanging
around. It
is
time to shake the chickens off and
fly higher. Not that you
are
better,
but do not get
an arrogant attitude. Always stay small
in your own eyes, but you have to think
about who you are hanging around. That
is
amazing;
I got that by the Spirit of God right
then.
You may have been raised
in there, but you aren't called to it. Bye-bye,
chicken. I am not raised
here.
I might have been in this chicken yard
for a little bit, but I look
different.
I think a little different. My beak
is
different;
it's
made to tear things,
not
to pluck things.
Why do I feel different?
Like Buddy the Elf.
Buddy is real tall; he
is
the bass in the choir.
You
remember that?
They used him to change light bulbs.
Buddy does
not
fit here.
Buddy the Elf does not fit
here. He is different. His shoes do
not
fit right.
He does
not
even make the toys right. Well, we have to
get him out of here. Well, he was
adopted. I
am
adopted,
praise God! I am not going to be a
chicken. I am an eagle, and I have a
burden. I have
stretch marks. I
am
pregnant with a vision. You
have
to get more
pregnant with the vision inside of you
and know that just because your belly
might be a little bigger than everybody
else's,
you have more pregnancy on the inside
for what God has called you to do. Do
not
allow the people who are barely
conceived to say, 'Well, you are too big.'Yeah,
I am
too big for this. I
have
to think bigger. And you have to find
someone
else who is pregnant
like you are. It
is
time to stretch. It
time to believe God.
You cannot let small-minded people
mess with you anymore. I hear this
by the Spirit of God.
Thank You, Lord, for those
nuggets. Brandon doesn't think that way; that
is
why when it is him, I go,
'Thank You,
Jesus.'I
love it when he talks.
That was fresh off the press. Boom.
And I approve this message.
That was amazing. Drop the mic. Glory to
God.
Hallelujah.
Bye-bye, chicken.
I have to go back and listen to this
again. It
is
the Lord, isn't it?
That is
amazing.
Glory! Well, that is what I had today.
Bye-bye, chicken.
The joy of the Lord is your strength.
I do not know if anybody else got
anything else, but I felt like that
was for me. I
just feel it:
you cannot hang
around a five-by-five if
you
are
a
ten-by-ten.
Your frame will crush their frame because
they are
just not made for it.
But all of us are useful.
A five-by-five is great, but a ten-by-ten—do not let the
five-by-five
tell you that you are too
big. I am just made
from
different wood. I
am
bigger in this. It is not
made for you to judge. God has
called. I have something so much
bigger on the inside of me—bigger than a million subscribers,
bigger than 1.6 million subscribers.
I have something so much bigger
in
TV stations and radio
stations, whatever God has for these
end-time
fields full of people. Whatever He has
to say, 'Hey, preach to these people and
tell them I am coming.'Be a John the Baptist of this generation and tell the people He is coming.
No,
you
are
called to say the hard
things. You are
not going to be popular in a lot
of circles.
People are actually going to hate
you,
and that is fine. I
will
do what You ask me to do, even if it
is
not popular. They will try to hurt
you. That is fine. I will do what You
ask
me to do.
And whenever I get on the other
side,
I won't be the janitor over there.
Glory to God!
I really appreciate all of you being
here so late.
3,400 people.
I know it is really late,
but I figured maybe you could not sleep
and you wanted to pray.
I feel the
Holy Ghost and fire to pray
right now. God, we have to
stir up. I feel a stirring in my spirit.
I feel fire shut up in my bones.
It
is
time for a revival in this nation.
This is when the spirit realm is
active.
I don't know what it is about this time
of night, but I feel the Holy Ghost and
fire.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God. We thank you, Lord, for
today.
A stirring in the churches,
Lord, a
stirring in the people, calling back to
repentance, calling back to the heart of
God,
calling back to holiness. "Be holy as I
am holy."That's
what He said.
Don't
be lazy.
There's a cleaning in
the house.
Pastors that you see behind the
platforms, they will not
be—you
understand?
No more. If
you're in hidden sin and you're
behind the pulpit, there's a cleaning of
the house coming.
Many of you are walking
in compromise, and the Lord is bringing
a Holy Ghost cleansing in the pulpits.
You say,
"Well, I have a church of over
10,000,"but
I'm telling
you, they'll be there one moment and
they'll be gone the next.
God's bringing a cleansing
because
there's compromise in the church.
You don't know the
difference between the world and the
church right now in a lot of places. And
the Lord said, "I'm cleaning
house."You're
going to see
people get cleaned out of the house.
There's going to
be
pastors
preaching on the platform and
they're going to fall over right there
like Ananias and Sapphira.
I
heard
it
again:
they'll preach on the platform and fall
over right there
like Ananias and Sapphira.
This is about around the world—from
sea
to shining
sea,
every denomination,
every tribe, every tongue, He's
cleaning the house.
For judgment begins in the house of the Lord
first. A cleansing is taking
place.
A great shaking is
finishing all the way through 2025.
Going into 2026,
watch—less
than eight weeks
left.
He's warned and
warned.
I see one in particular in Australia
right now.
A well-known minister in
Australia will go home soon.
A major
minister in Australia is about to have
judgment
come,
an exposing.
But
God's going to raise up a new one,
a younger
one
to take the baton.
This is
His
chosen voice, and
they'll
be a major voice in Australia,
able to stand against political
pressure,
for great pressure will come on the
church on a greater scale in
Australia in the days ahead.
Great pressure on a political scale
like it will be in Canada
and England
with digital IDs. They will
come into Canada
and
Australia. Digital IDs
are
about to be birthed in these areas,
a
great acceleration
of this invasion of privacy
like the social credit scores.
But this will be a young man of great
courage
who
will walk with authority as he
speaks.
People will
be drawn to
him.
There'll be an anointing
that comes out of him and people will
flock to him because of the glory.
He must stay small in his own eyes.
He's a
skinny kid,
looks healthy,
not heavy.
He'll have a
Holy Ghost "it
factor"and
he'll be very charismatic.
A
Holy Ghost charismatic
young man is
coming
to
Australia
and he'll be one of the catalysts for the
revival there.
Why Canada? Because
in the spirit, Australia and
Canada are the scorpion
tail.
The Lord told me these two places will
face
great persecution.
I see Australia as a great catalyst for a
great revival,
but
in
Canada, it's
an
escalation.
They're almost on a scale together like on
sluice
boxes.
They're being
sifted.
And it will go into England.
Watch it spread.
What's coming is from the king,
the golden
lizard.
The one in England.
And this is
a
scorpion tail.
He looks around him
and it's marked,
and it goes over to Canada,
Australia, and New
Zealand.
There
are
attachments.
It goes into Germany and the Vatican. Watch
the Vatican and the Pope. The Pope and
the Vatican will reach out even more with the
king, and you'll see a divine
relationship form. This is
part of the beast system.
It is birthing even more in the days
ahead
with Leo.
That's his name.
This
would
be
a
shaking in the Catholic Church.
A major shaking will
crack even the doors and the walls of
the Catholic Church.
An
aligning—this
is part of the beast system.
I see Europe so strong right now. I see
Europe
with social credit
scores
and
digital IDs. It will really start to
take shape even more in 2026.
They're going to start stripping away
people's freedoms,
getting them ready
with the virus.
It's all pre-planned
to bring
forth the beast system.
The
next virus will start in
Europe with rats.
Watch France.
Watch
Emmanuel Macron,
a tyrant.
You will see
the forerunner to the
antichrist,
the Ishmael.
Watch France.
You're about to see an escalation of
things.
It's like
the
cork of a champagne bottle.
You shake it,
the
cork shoots off, the pressure
goes up, boom!
He is
the pressure behind the cork.
You're
about to see the
champagne bottle. It's
interesting because
champagne is in
France.
I see the bubbly and the
fizz, and all of a sudden he's like the
pressure.
It takes off
and it's like wow.
In the visions, I see what God
shows me.
He does it in types and
shadows.
We're so
close to something huge about to take
place.
It's all about bringing in the
antichrist
and the beast system.
It's all biblical. We're
all so close and so ready for the
coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
You should be so excited. I'm excited.
I'm just like, man, all this
is about the coming and where we are
and God's coming forth and the
glory. It's like, praise the Lord.
I'm excited myself. I just get excited
about these. I go, 'Thank you, Jesus, that
we are born and have been chosen for
such a time as this. We are in that
place
of the glorious
church.'The
chat,
they're saying champagne is a French
word. Oh,
so French it is. I'm telling
you, Emmanuel Macron, you better watch
this, man.
Watch what he does
with the King of England,
Charles. The stuff that happens with
Charles in the days ahead, watch
Charles
and the Royals.
The lizard people.
It's amazing. I just bumped it. Sorry.
The golden lizards. And then
you have the
Arabs and the
sand lizards and you have the ones
down in
Europe. And it's just
very—this
whole thing is really wild. The Asians
and the
emperors and the royals and the things
the Lord shows me clear down there. And
I just go, 'Man, Lord, we're so
close.'But
it's all as in the days
of Noah.
We're so close, folks. Jesus is coming
and I just go look at all what's going
on.
So, we'll see what happens. I don't know
necessarily anything will happen with
Atlas.
Don't know, but there's something
coming,
something. Maybe it is Atlas.
So,
glory to God. Well, we love you. Thank
you for joining us. That's really all I
had. I felt the release to stop.
Do
you have anything?
No.
That was amazing.
I'm just excited to be a part.
Glory to God. His presence was so strong
here. Yes. Sit here and soak it in. Yes.
Go back and rewatch that.
What are you saying? Say hi.
Okay. Say hi. Hi everybody.
That's Paisley.
She wanted to say hi.
She said hi everybody.
She's reading the comments. Yeah.
What are they saying?
But there is something with Atlas. I
feel it then. Yes. I believe
there is something with Atlas. I do. I
don't know if it's necessary. And now if
that thing, if Atlas comes down, y'all,
and starts hovering over the Vatican and
over the temples,
it's going to be really out there.
I'm just telling you.
I don't throw anything past where we are
right now.
We're at a time like the Lord told us,
you know, as of September 23rd,
that a great acceleration we would start
to see things.
Well, we've seen it ever since he said
it, and it's been wild. So, if we see
Atlas, whatever this thing is, does
anybody know when Atlas is supposed to
come by the Earth? How many days are
we from that? Is that this week?
Are we supposed to see that this week?
Is Atlas supposed
to—isn't
it, or something? I
forgot.
Like, are we getting close to this event?
Is it supposed to happen this week?
They're all saying hi to you,
Pa.
They said they love you. Thank you
everybody.
I don't see anything about the
Atlas thing.
Atlas came closest to Earth today.
Someone says
so it was today.
Somebody said
December 15th and then I see the 29th.
Closest approach on Earth December 19th,
2025. December 19th is what mine says.
So we have a
couple weeks left. About
six
or
seven weeks
somewhere around
there.
So it's getting close. I see a lot of
people saying October 29th and October
31st. So this week, October this
week. So this week we should be seeing something
maybe.
October
29th.
I don't know. October. Will it start to do
something really big and start coming
and then all of a sudden come and like a
Jetson
spacecraft
and come down here and start doing
something? I'm telling you, I'm
expecting something huge.
I keep seeing
this thing that looks like a
12-foot-tall
rock creature.
And I don't know, that's why I don't talk
about it because it's so wild out there. But
this thing I've seen looks like a
rock-looking
pointy-looking
head with rock arms that
look
like logs. And it
has an interview on the stage.
They talk to it with a huge crowd of
people.
And I know that sounds way out there,
but I'm telling you what I've seen. And
I'm like, how is that even possible? But
he sits down
in
a thing and he talks to the
reporter and there's cameras and
there's lights and there's all this
stuff and it's like a huge
interview. How do you
interview an alien? I don't know how he
talks English. I don't know if he talks
Spanish. What does he
talk—alien?
I don't know. I just thought it was
a wild open-eye vision. This thing of
what
the Lord showed me that a great
deception's coming.
And I go,
'We've never seen what we're about to
see. What is this,
Lord?'And
that may sound way out there, but I
just keep praying into this because I don't
talk about it because I don't understand it
all. And that's why I say it's too even
for my mind. I'm not sci-fi. It's just
like this is too out there.
How does this thing—he moves like a giant. He
moves up and he sits on the stage and
he
starts talking
like—what
in the world is this?
This is fallen angel stuff. What
is this?
But I just keep praying in
it and
I don't get into it and
talk about it because I don't understand it
yet and I don't want to bring any
confusion to the body of Christ. And
Brandon—they
go 'Brandon's off in
left field.'I'm like, yeah, if I start
talking about some of the things I see,
it may sound really left field.
He is way out there. Yeah, it sounds way
out there.
They're saying somebody says
that the
Atlas thing—the closest to the sun
October 29th, closest to Earth December
19th, and then they're saying October
31st goes behind the sun. I don't know.
Wild.
There you go, Braden. That's him right
there.
Saying,
'Does it look like that?'That's the way
he
looks like.
That's what that thing looks like. What
is that? It's on.
There you go.
That's the way he looks.
See, Hollywood knows.
Take a picture of him. Put
that dude up there. That's the way the
guy looks like. But he's
12-foot-tall.
He's huge.
He's like a massive thing. And he looks
like that. He looks like a
tree.
That's what it looks like. Ain't
that
creepy?
But he's more rocky.
His arms are not as defined. Those arms,
what I saw, looked like stump arms,
but his head looked like that. And his
body was not shaped like that
guy has muscles. It doesn't look like
that. He's more black. He
looks more rock,
but his legs are identical,
but his chest is not.
There's no muscle
tone. It looks
like something out of a—like that, but
it's not like you see muscles on
that thing. This had no
definition. It looks like one stump.
It's really creepy,
isn't it?
I just go, 'Hollywood
knows.'They
start making these things that look
like something out of a thing and they
go, 'Where did they get that idea
from?'You
know,
they had to get it from somewhere.
They're pulling it out
of somewhere. That's why there's so much
demonic stuff going on in Hollywood.
What are they seeing? What do they know?
Well, that's all right. We're good.
Isn't the glory of God so awesome?
Wonderful. So exciting. Well, we
want to tell you all thank you for
joining us. Could you do us a favor?
We always say this: Like, subscribe,
click the notification bell. Comment
something nice down below. Do everything
you can to help us with the algorithm.
We're not the most popular channel on
YouTube. They don't go, 'Hey, let's
promote him.'It's all because of word
of mouth and people like you that we've
gotten
the algorithm the way we have. It
wasn't because
they like us. They want to promote the
world. They don't want to promote people
praying in tongues and talking about
casting out devils and flying away, not like
a chicken.
.
So, we just want to tell you thank you.
Thank you for supporting us. Thank you
for all the little
Super Thanks and all the things you all
do, loving on us. You've blessed
us so much and we just want to say thank
you for being the light you all
are to our family and helping us and
just loving on us the way you do.
It gives us encouragement to keep
standing. When you have
people in your corner believing and
praying with you, it really encourages
you when you don't feel you're alone.
I just want to say thank
you guys. We love you all so much.
It's a huge deal whenever you go, 'Hey,
they support us. They pray with
us.'Regardless
if you were here or not, we
pray all the time as a family.
But the Lord said, 'Make it public and
teach the people to pray and pray with
them.'I'm
so thankful
that you all give us a chance and let us
come into your homes the way you do on a
day-to-day basis. And you trust us to let
us pray with you.
Your kids come up to us and they love on
us. 'Hey, we see you on TV or
whatever,'and
they love on us. It's so
cute to see these little kids. They pray
and they're getting saved. They're
little
ones,
five-year-olds,
six-year-olds.
And it's exciting to see the children
say they're praying
and they're excited to hear the word.
Good job, parents.
Raising them right, teaching your
kids to pray. So, we love
you
and we're so thankful for every single
one of you. We know it's late. I'm sure
in America you're like,
'I'm
already past falling asleep at the
computer,'or
whatever. But we just want
to tell you, God bless you all and we'll
see you again tomorrow. Remember, put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
love you. We'll see you again soon.
God bless you all.